updated linux.md (#183)
cherryontech/website: src/assets/content/dictionary/linux.md

---
title: Linux

> definition: 'linux is a unix-like operating system; that is open-source, tech agnostic, and community lead, driven and supported'
> perspectives: [Linus Torvalds developed the linux kernel is 1991. Some of the more common linux operating systems are: Ubuntu, Redhat, Fedora, Debian, Arch. Linux OS is used on the fastest top 500 supercomputers in the world]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
definition: Linux is a unix-like operating system; that is open-source, tech agnostic, and community lead, driven and supported. Linus Torvalds developed the linux kernel is 1991. Some of the more common linux operating systems are: Ubuntu, Redhat, Fedora, Debian, Arch. Linux OS is used on the fastest top 500 supercomputers in the world.
```
Bug: Since the second string is also part of the definition, we need to have them as one long line.

Author: hi @novellac thank you for the review, I agree with your amendment. 
may I ask, what would constitute a 'Perspective' comment ?
